MC-1677 SQL Browser 5.2 docs update after QA (#203)
hazelcast/management-center-docs: docs/modules/tools/pages/sql-browser.adoc

.Example query results
image:ROOT:SQLBrowserQueryResultTab.png[A list of query results]

== Truncating Displayed Query Results

To reduce the time it takes for Management Center to display query results in the browser, the size of each table cell is limited. If a query returns too much data to fit into a cell, the result is truncated. You can adjust this limit by editing the xref:deploy-manage:system-properties.adoc#hazelcast-mc-sql-max-cell-length[`hazelcast.mc.sql.max-cell-length`] property.

> === Viewing Map Metadata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Viewing Map Metadata
```

.Example query results
image:ROOT:SQLBrowserQueryResultTab.png[A list of query results]

> NOTE: You can use xref:deploy-manage:system-properties.adoc#hazelcast-mc-sql-max-cell-lenght[`hazelcast.mc.sql.max-cell-length`] property to specify max length of a cell in SQL query result. It is in byte and default value is `2048` byte. The part of the value in the cell that exceeds this will be truncated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

== Truncating Displayed Query Results

To reduce the time it takes for Management Center to display query results in the browser, the size of each table cell is limited. If a query returns too much data to fit into a cell, the result is truncated. You can adjust this limit by editing the xref:deploy-manage:system-properties.adoc#hazelcast-mc-sql-max-cell-length[`hazelcast.mc.sql.max-cell-length`] property.
```

Reviewer: This paragraph should be moved out of the current subheading as it is a level 2 heading.

To view an entry's metadata, click the chevron (*⌄*) button next to a map entry in the query results.
image:ROOT:SQLBrowserQueryResultTabWithOpenMapBrowser.png[A list of query results with metadata view]

== Autocompletion Support

> While using the editor, you can get table and column names, built-in SQL Query Schemas (SELECT, INSERT, CREATE, etc..), and built-in SQL Functions (avg, get, sum, etc..) using autocompletion feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SQL editor supports autocompletion to suggest SQL queries for you while you type. To use autocompletion, start typing a query in the SQL editor and press kbd:[Ctrl+Space]. The SQL editor supports the following suggestions:

- Table and column names
- SQL statements such as `SELECT` and `INSERT`
- SQL functions such as `AVG` and `SUM`
```

> To use autocompletion feature in the editor press `CTRL + Space`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

To view an entry's metadata, click the chevron (*⌄*) button next to a map entry in the query results.
image:ROOT:SQLBrowserQueryResultTabWithOpenMapBrowser.png[A list of query results with metadata view]

== Autocompletion Support

> The SQL editor supports autocompletion to suggest SQL queries for you while you type. To use autocompletion, start typing a query in the SQL editor and press kbd:[Ctrl+Space]. The SQL editor supports the following suggestions:

Reviewer 2: `suggest SQL queries` - `queries` is not a right term here, I think `keywords and identifiers` is better

- Table and column names

> - SQL statements such as `SELECT` and `INSERT`

Reviewer 2: SQL keywords ... `SELECT`, `INSERT`, `WHERE`, `JOIN`
